### Morning

- [x] 象棋比赛

认识到了几个新朋友呢 XDDD

- [x] C++ tutorial: 输入 （User Input）
- [ ] Godot: Learn GDScript from zero 
- [ ] Lesson 26: Looping over dictionaries
- [ ] Prompts Engineer: Example of Prompts
---
### Night

- [x] 超右脑高速英语学习法
- [x] Word up 英文生词复习
- [ ] 使用 ChatGPT 学英语：**哈利波特与密室**（简介 & 格言）

### Plot of the movie Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secret

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is the second *installment (一集)* in the Harry Potter film series, based on the novel by J.K. Rowling.

The movie begins with Harry Potter (Daniel Radcliffe) spending another *miserable (痛苦的 / 悲惨的)* summer with his aunt and uncle, when he is suddenly rescued by his best friends Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) and Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) in a flying car. They take him to the Weasley family's home, The Burrow, where he learns that someone or something is petrifying students at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

As Harry and his friends *investigate (调查)*, they discover that the attacks are related to the Chamber of Secrets, a hidden chamber within Hogwarts that was opened by the Heir of Slytherin, a mysterious figure who seeks to rid the school of all non-*pureblood 纯血* wizards.

With the help of new Defense Against the Dark Arts teacher Gilderoy Lockhart (Kenneth Branagh), Harry and his friends *attempt (尝试)* to uncover the identity of the Heir of Slytherin and stop the attacks. Along the way, they encounter dangerous creatures, including giant spiders and a basilisk, and must confront their own fears and weaknesses.

In the climax of the movie, Harry and Ron enter the Chamber of Secrets and confront the Heir of Slytherin, who is revealed to be the diary of Tom Riddle, a former student of Hogwarts who has been manipulating events from the shadows. With the help of Fawkes the phoenix and the sword of Gryffindor, Harry defeats the *basilisk* and destroys the diary, saving Ginny Weasley (Bonnie Wright) and ending the attacks.

> Basilisk是一种神话传说中的怪物，通常被描述为一种类似于蛇的生物，有着致命的凝视和有毒的牙齿。在哈利波特系列中，Basilisk是一种巨大的毒蛇，能够杀死任何看到它眼睛的人。它是哈利波特与密室的魔兽之一，由Tom Riddle召唤出来，用来攻击那些阻止他寻找凤凰之间的人。Basilisk的武器是它的毒牙和致命的凝视，只有那些能够直视它的眼睛并且不死于它的凝视的人才能够击败它

The movie ends with Harry and his friends returning to The Burrow, where they celebrate their victory and prepare for another year at Hogwarts.

### Detail synopsis of the movie Harry Potter and the Chamber Of Secret

Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is the second movie in the Harry Potter film series, based on the novel of the same name by J.K. Rowling. The movie follows the adventures of young wizard Harry Potter (played by Daniel Radcliffe) and his friends Hermione Granger (Emma Watson) and Ron Weasley (Rupert Grint) during their second year at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry.

The movie begins with Harry spending another *miserable* summer with his non-magical (*Muggle*) relatives, the Dursleys. One night, he is rescued from their house by Ron and his brothers in a flying car, and they take him to the Weasley family home. There, Harry learns that someone or something is *petrifying* students at Hogwarts, turning them into stone.

As Harry and his friends investigate the attacks, they discover that they are related to the Chamber of Secrets, a hidden chamber within Hogwarts that was created by Salazar Slytherin, one of the school's founders. According to legend, the Chamber can only be opened by the *heir* of Slytherin, who *seeks* to rid the school of all non-pureblood wizards.

Meanwhile, Hogwarts is visited by the vain and pompous Gilderoy Lockhart (Kenneth Branagh), a celebrity wizard who has written many books about his own exploits but is revealed to be quite incompetent in real-life situations.

As Harry and his friends continue to investigate the attacks, they *encounter* many challenges, including a *rogue* *bludger* during a Quidditch match, a giant spider in the Forbidden Forest, and a mysterious diary that seems to have a life of its own.

Eventually, Harry learns that the diary belonged to Tom Riddle, a former student at Hogwarts who became the dark wizard Voldemort. Riddle has been using the diary to possess another student, Ginny Weasley (Bonnie Wright), and is using her to open the Chamber of Secrets.

In the *climax* of the movie, Harry and Ron enter the Chamber of Secrets to rescue Ginny and confront the evil creature that has been causing the attacks - a giant *basilisk*. Harry manages to defeat the basilisk with the help of Fawkes the phoenix and a magical sword, and he discovers that the true heir of Slytherin is not who everyone thought it was.

In the end, Harry and his friends are hailed as heroes for saving the school, and they return home for the summer, ready to face whatever challenges may come their way in the future.

- [ ] LoL

