### Morning

- [ ] Word up 单词复习
- [x] C++ tutorial: 数据类型 （Data Type）
- [x] Godot: Learn GDScript from zero 
- [x] Lesson 26: Looping over dictionaries
- [x] Lesson 27: Value Types
- [x] Lesson 28: Specifying types with type hints
- [ ] Prompts Engineer: Example of Prompts
---
### Night

- [x] 超右脑高速英语学习法
- [x] Word up 英文生词复习
- [x] 使用 ChatGPT 学英语：**哈利波特与阿兹卡班的囚犯**（简介）

### 简介

The third installment of the Harry Potter movie series is titled "Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban". The movie is based on the third book in the Harry Potter series, written by J.K. Rowling.

The movie begins with Harry (Daniel Radcliffe) returning to Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry for his third year. However, the school is on high alert as a dangerous criminal, Sirius Black (Gary Oldman), has escaped from the wizarding prison called Azkaban and is believed to be after Harry.

During his time at Hogwarts, Harry learns about the *Dementors 摄魂怪*, the guards of Azkaban who are now stationed at Hogwarts to protect the students from Sirius Black. Harry also discovers that Sirius Black was a close friend of his parents and is *determined 决定* to find out the truth about what happened the night his parents were killed.

As Harry and his friends Ron (Rupert Grint) and Hermione (Emma Watson) try to *unravel 解开、拆散，或通过逐步努力或分析解决谜团或问题* the mystery surrounding Sirius Black, they *encounter 遭遇* many obstacles, including a mysterious new teacher, Professor Lupin (David Thewlis), who seems to have a personal connection to Harry.

As the school year progresses, Harry and his friends uncover the truth about Sirius Black and the events leading up to his escape from Azkaban. In a *thrilling 激动人心* *climax 高潮*, they *confront 直面* Sirius Black and Harry discovers the shocking truth about his own past.

"Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban" is a dark and suspenseful movie that delves deeper into the world of Harry Potter and introduces new characters and magical creatures. It is widely considered to be one of the best movies in the Harry Potter series.

- [ ] LoL

