- [x] C++ tutorial
- [x] Godot: Learn GDScript from zero
- [ ] Prompts Engineer: Example of Prompts
- [x] Word up 英文生词复习
- [x] 超右脑高速英语学习法
- [x] 使用 ChatGPT 学英语：**电影 - 哈利波特与魔法石**（简介 & 格言）

	"Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" is a 2001 film based on the first book in J.K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. The movie follows the story of a young boy named Harry Potter, who discovers he is a wizard and is accepted into ==Hogwarts School== of ==Witchcraft and Wizardry==.

	The movie begins with an introduction to the magical world and the story of the ==Dark Lord Voldemort==, who was defeated by Harry's parents, but not before killing them. Harry is left with a ==scar== on his ==forehead== as a result of Voldemort's attack and is raised by his ==neglectful and abusive== aunt and uncle.

	On Harry's eleventh birthday, he receives a letter from Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry, inviting him to attend. However, his uncle ==intercepts== the letter and ==forbids== Harry from going. Soon, Hagrid, the Keeper of Keys and Grounds at Hogwarts, arrives to take Harry to the school, and Harry discovers his true identity as a wizard.

	At Hogwarts, Harry makes new friends, including ==Ronald Weasley== and ==Hermione Granger==. Harry also learns about the Sorcerer's Stone, an object that can grant ==immortality== to its owner. Harry, Ron, and Hermione suspect that someone is trying to steal the stone and set out to stop them.

	The ==trio== discovers that Professor Snape, a teacher at Hogwarts, is working with Voldemort to steal the stone. With the help of their friends and some magical creatures, Harry and his friends manage to stop Snape and Voldemort from obtaining the stone.
	
	The movie ends with Harry, Ron, and Hermione being rewarded for their bravery and Harry realizing that Hogwarts is the place where he truly belongs.

### 名言：
 
1. =="It does not do to dwell 住 on dreams and forget to live." - Albus Dumbledore==

2. "I'm not going home. Not really." - Harry Potter

3. =="It takes a great deal of bravery to stand up to our enemies, but just as much to stand up to our friends." - Albus Dumbledore==

4. "Ah, music. A magic beyond all we do here!" - Albus Dumbledore

5. =="It's wingardium leviOsa, not leviosAH." - Hermione Granger== (让羽毛飘起来的那一幕 XDD)

6. =="You're a wizard, Harry." - Hagrid==

7. "I solemnly swear that I am up to no good." - Harry Potter

8. =="There are some things you can't share without ending up liking each other, and knocking out a twelve-foot mountain troll is one of them." - Ron Weasley== (他们一起拯救赫敏那一幕)

9. "I don't go looking for trouble. Trouble usually finds me." - Harry Potter

10. "I think we've outgrown full-time education." - Ron Weasley.

- [ ] LoL
